anyway I got some new bars I was working
on so I want you guys to listen or ain't
sure okay yo guys what the Freak is this
look at these freaking bodies this music
you always came about to zoom all the
way up to her she's got somebody's hand
in her hand
oh my god I'm done yandere put the head
down all right
no one's trying to take sent by anymore
look at the blood on the ceilings oh I
don't want to get any closer to her back
the camera we don't want to get closer
look at her just breathing dude there's
got to be one of them Oh 70 was gone all
cricketing welcome to Love sing which is
basically yandere simulator do you guys
have asked me to play this and I know
guys I know I know
Corey you shouldn't play yandere it
makes you crazy guys I'm not crazy
we just playing a game everybody's
alright everybody's chill alright now
what I'm gonna need from you
is to not look at her because she is
mine don't go near her don't say
anything to her unless you want to die
honey yandere come on oh you think this
game has changed me
no you're the one that's changed this
game is simply showing me what I've been
missing
show me who's important
show me who is expendable there's a new
build of the game so unless he was
popping nuegaike oh yeah yeah yeah
named yonder rain I've come to play what
you're trying to do what you're trying
to say pick onna get the freakin next
let knife to the neck bone yeah you
would dad messed and I got a skirt and I
got a flirt with my ball pi if you
trying to talk to him yeah you gonna die
in I don't even gotta go you go fry and
like french fries all right so obviously
this is different all right this is just
red darkness this is mister
[Music]
yo this is so much creepier so basically
what lovesick is is like of just a super
serious horror vibe themed version of
yandere simulator instead of their
regular and you create ball pie
now she's freaking following him
[Music]
all right yo ottoman use this is
scary-looking
[Music]
oh my guys you hear this
as the basement changed
[Music]
all right I'm made to go back upstairs
to my room but I guess we're at school
now all right is there no music at all
from what I understand lovesick is
pretty much just like a very low
atmosphere yandere simulator like you
know how a yandere simulator like the
more people you kill like the darker it
gets and the atmosphere gets more and
more tense lovesick pretty much just
starts the entire game with low
atmospheres you can see the filter I
mean everybody is just dark food
[Applause]
everybody's here it's black so obviously
we gotta test this out
there are also no debug commands so you
cannot cheat in this mode you can't like
literally you have to do everything
yourself and who are here who buddy get
this way hey how you doing Carl oh
that's good you're done you done Oh
y'all got a prop Oh Oh Oh see trying to
fight me off then get that work uh-huh
it's just a - I got some dang body mean
other than that
I don't know what else we could do this
that's pretty much it for this I tell
you what this title screen is fires
freak though ah back to normal I like
this game you know it's just too
colorful like you can't just take all
the color out of your receiver it's not
the same still I think lovesick was a
pretty dope though Oh bald pi how I love
you so much oh it fills my heart with
such joy looking at how studious you are
already on chapter 4 and the project
isn't even due till next week
Oh what did this school do to get such a
miracle like you one day you'll be mine
bald by yellow it's up guys how's it
hangin bro yo smells watching some of my
favorite rappers the other day not this
bull crap again
riku you know your trash rapper Haruto
you just met that i got with your sister
alright you got with her in the 8th
grade
shut up your bozo if you bring it up I'm
just joking dude chill her booty was a
big anyway anyway I got some new bars I
was working on so what you guys over
there
[Music]
no you just spit all over me yes sorry
bro but you actually didn't say anything
well I guess I gotta practice more
thanks for listening guys so um bleach
has been implemented into the game now I
don't know if we can make somebody drink
this we can poison something I don't
know what we can do but the goal of
today is to find out where that bleach
is that
and do whatever we can do with it with
it I don't know if the first place we're
gonna check is the roof let's make sure
it's not up here wait can we do
something with this fan can we put
somebody in there I never noticed this
fan before I feel like I feel like we
can open this and kill somebody but we
would need like a screwdriver set or
something to get those fan blades
exposed and the bleach day we found this
quick so what what can we do look at
that chloride see you try to make that
can we put the bleach in this water oh
oh so I'm just gonna run and then drip
and that didn't work try it again just
try to what okay all right so now we're
gonna try this again go ahead and put
the bleach in there all right
pour the bleach now we're gonna take
this we're gonna teleport so we're gonna
put that down close this door and then
we're going to prop this on there set
trap boom we said I'd rat baby bye daddy
bye oh we gotta do is wait for Kaukauna
to bring her tornado hair itself over
here does it take her to come out here
let's just take the camera look through
the door see if she's coming out
bro she's still way over there on her
freakin phone fast forward a little bit
more okay look all right maybe a little
bit more how did I get jumpscared
playing yandere simulator I literally
looked on my camera she was way over
there I fast forward it literally for a
half of a second she teleported at the
door okay now she got bleach water on
her what happens all right you got the
bleach water on you dude you got bleach
water on you what does that mean so that
was a fam all right so after looking it
up you can't really kill people with the
bleach like I thought you could all we
can literally do with this it's make our
water Nathan's party you see this knife
here I'm gonna take this knife get your
freaking head box and I'm gonna step in
the blood I'm just gonna make a nice big
mess playing in your bad playing your
bag your bad okay so now that we've done
that we can take the Danny's footprints
won't stop now we could take the mop and
then we can put it in the bleach water
oh let me I I got a hide I gotta hide
oh my gosh I'm not gonna be able to
clean it up I'm not gonna be able to
clean it up all right let's dip it dip
it dip it dip it because they're gonna
call the teacher so we dip it dip it and
then sweep this and now with the bleach
it comes up super quick she she just
keeps bleeding more blood oh gosh it
teachers on the way the teachers on the
way we got to hurry up guys we gotta
clean this up hurry up oh my gosh right
clean it clean all the footprints God Oh
as you can see I'm boxing her up with
the frickin mom but all our blood is
gone there we go there we go
hey corrupt we gotta get her to the
freakin uh get us to the thingy being
this way yeah yeah yeah don't get to it
all right right here good rocky boy we
got one obstacle here let's just go this
way go this way around she can't see you
can't see we're just playing of a row I
haven't used it so long I don't know
where to incinerate all right you guys I
mean us that's all I know that I can
possibly do in this game we've done all
of the elimination methods I think if
I'm if I'm wrong let me know down in the
comments if I missing something we dared
all those we looked at all the Easter
eggs alright I'm just waiting on a sauna
yandere death put her in the game please
also if you guys have any ideas of your
own like hey Corey why don't you do like
a yandere series were you I don't know
let me know down in the comments because
I don't know what else we can do think
of the game we just need that one update
that's just gonna change everything but
hopefully you guys enjoyed if slice that
like button subscribe today to win a
samurai and it's on next summer presence
distance
because they
[Music]